Hey Guys welcome to the course.
I'm Evan bro.
I'm going to be their guide to this entire course.
I'm going to show you how you can take that space that you're in that apartment that you're not using
when you're gone that extra space on the side of your room and how to turn that into a lot of money
as you might have read in the description.
I'm Evan Kimbra.
Let me tell you a little bit about my story with their baby.
So about two years ago I moved out to San Francisco and I don't know if you guys know this but San Francisco
is ridiculously expensive.
When I moved out two years ago it was about I want to say a one bedroom costs on average about twenty
eight hundred dollars.
And now that I'm recording this updated video the average now is $3200 for a.
That's the median for a one bedroom apartment in San Francisco.
So two years ago I moved out and I rented a place I rented it for about $3000 a month.
And honestly I was totally freaked out.
Every month I spent $3000 and it had to be deducted out of my account on the Fourth and I didn't really
know how I was going to pay it every month.
I'm self-employed like a lot of you out there.
And so my fortune kind of goes up and down kind of depending on how the month is I have my own clientele
and so I really was not sure how I was going to be able to afford $36000 a year in rent only about a
month after I moved in I actually discovered what therapy and B was and I started hosting on air B and
B and honestly I've never looked back.
I've been in this apartment for about 22 months and I have not paid rent in 22 months.
I rent it out all the time and it covers my rent every single month and in most months I actually get
paid on top of that.
Last summer I actually took a three month trip to Indonesia and it paid for literally everything in
my trip.
Flights.
Lodgings.
Food.
And then I had money on top of that.
Last July I rented it out for a little south of $11000 for the month.
Again my rents $3000.
I spent literally 20 plus months doing trial and error with every single thing I can think of with Airbnb
and I've packaged every single thing I've learned hacks tips tricks secrets techniques into this course
so that you can skip that trial and error process and go from having your space to renting it out for
a maximum amount of money.
Don't do it.
I don't just jump right into it with no experience no idea what you're doing.
You take this course and you can learn literally everything about how I did it and what I did the work
that I did that didn't work.
What were the big game changers.
I provide primarily a tech background.
And so what I like to focus on are things that have really high RMI return on investment.
I focus on kind of the hack's the things that are really simple minimal effort that can give you a very
large return.
I look for ways that are easy simple cheap repeatable so you can guarantee things like high reviews
and guarantee that you maximize not only the money you get from this but the enjoyment you get from
this.
And as you can see I'm actually filming this in my air being me right now if you just saw that there
was a cable car going past it.
I want this course to be as interactive as possible if you guys are looking at the course right now
thinking about joining in.
Please do join.
And we have a very vibrant community of people participating with a lot of those saying what's worked
for them what's not working for them.
Well a lot of people posting their links and are analyzing them running a lot of fun and everybody's
learning a ton actually right now as I'm speaking.
My property is number one in San Francisco.
If you search for properties over three plus guests that's insane Airbnb started in San Francisco and
they have over 5000 listings.
So everybody's been the absolute game changer for me to change the way I do everything.
It's giving me all this free time to focus on my businesses focus on anything else I want.
And it's made it such that I can travel whenever I want to.
So again I'm Evan Kimbrough.
I'm the instructor for this course.
I want you guys to get as much out of it as possible.
If you have any questions whatsoever.
Message me I respond 24 hours a day seven days a week.
I will talk to you on the phone.
I will help you go through your list and if you're stuck at any point any questions at all.
So I really hope you take this course because is something that I'm really really passionate about.
It's made a huge change in my life and it's made a big difference in a lot of people's lives.
That's something that I want you to have as well.
So please join the chorus.
I'll see you in there.